For the bottom tab,
how can we enlarge our anime tab on click?
>> Because we know if
the selected shape changes,
we could trigger an animation here and
just animate your styles.
So you can animate SVG elements.
SVG actually also for animating.
You can create animated SVG so,
you can like enlarge it, or something.
So I think I would do it here, but
I think it depends on
the specific animation as well.
Cuz a lot of animations
are kind of sleight of hand.
So, for example,
a recent animation that I built was we
have a search box at the top of the page.
And then when you tap on the search box,
the page kind of fades into
the search page, right.
Which kind of looks like there's a search
page that opens up on top of your current
content.
But actually 3Ds is just
a mode with a fancy animation.
So it will depend on the actual animation
like how complex it is or how simple.
So a lot of animations will just be
overlaid on top of your content..
So they like give the effect of something
happening where actually like behind
the scenes is kind of sleight of hand.
>> For network images,
how do we handle high resolution images?
Is receiving different URLs for
different resolutions the only way?
>> Yes, so usually you would use like,
there are a bunch of different
image CDNs that basically
give you the image base and
associate you put in the URL
should pretty common solution
on the web as well I think.
So usually what you would do or
like what I would do is you get
the pixel density of the device.
Which I think is in platform where you
can get the pixel density of the device.
And then you request the image based on
the size that you need to render it to
times the pixel density.
And then basically, you get it so
it would be just via different URLs.
So if you have user generated content,
you need to make sure that when
the user uploads the image,
you do some processing on your back end to
be able to support the different images.
So if they upload a huge image, you don't
want to just render it as is in your app.
>> I have question, why wouldn't we use
free acquire code directly in the image
source rather than defining
a const outside of the component.
>> Absolutely no reason,
feel free to do that.
I think it's just a habit because it
really requires we're unsupported until
recently so my habit is to add the
requires see at the top of the page but
there's no reason to do that anymore.
>> And then can you use import syntax
rather than required to load images?
>> No you can't, so,
I actually had one other thing
that I've just remembered that
I wanted to share as a tip.
If you get SVGs from your workplace or
your designers, and
you need to convert them into
these SVGs using your app,
a lot of the time the SVGs you
get you get don't look as clean.
As this there's a lot of time
there's like transitions and
it's like gee like the group elements all
over the place they don't really need we
don't want to update them by hand.
So there's a couple of tools out
there that will help you and
one of them the one I use is React
Native SVGR which has this playground.
And basically so
here's an example of an SVG element and
this is pretty typical of something
that you might receive from a designer.
It has all this meta data from where it
was generated and it's got a bunch of D
elements and there's some like a bunch
of translations that you don't want.
And here there's actually like
gives you options if it will create
the component for you.
So if you wanna you could
do React Native and
whether you want to pass the properties so
like.
Here to the SVG or not and
you can see that it hides it up so
this whole component turns into this.
So usually what I do because I
don't quite like the syntax of this
is if I get an SVG,
I will paste it into here,
generate the React Native component and
just copy this bit into my code.
So one thing to note though for
some reason, they all always
add this XML NS property and
this isn't a valid property
in React Native SVG.
So after you copy it
you'll have to remove it.
But that's my this has
saved me hours of my life.
>> So you mentioned tabs and
drawers, as the main navigation,
is there any other navigations or
types of navigation.
>> Okay, so we have tabs, stacks,
you have Talon navigation,
you have stuck navigation,
and then you have Moodles.
And so
there's an example I have on GitHub.
I have a demo project that has
navigation setup which just started us.
This is a template project that has
a two tab layout with two models and
a stack navigator so
if you look at the navigation story here.
So we've got the root stack,
then we've got the bottom tabs, so
you could have these two tabs.
And then we got on a home tab,
we have a stack navigator inside it.
So if you go to open second page here,
it will open a page inside
your home navigator.
And then in the other tab,
this is just a tab on its own.
So the other tab looks
exactly like our tab.
Tabs look like so
we don't have anything nesting inside and
then lastly we have a Moodle or
you'll notice that this Moodle is adjacent
to the bottom tabs rather than inside it.
And that's because I want the moodle
to appear over the bottom tabs and
that's why we need to have a stack
navigator at the very top level.
So you could put both of
the bottom tabs navigator and
the example module inside there.
I need to update the Type Script types for
navigation on here, but
otherwise this is this you
can use this for reference.
So if you look at the template,
so, screens,
so this follows the same format
as we did in our workshop.
So we have bottom tabs navigator,
modal screen home tab, so
if you go to root navigator will
see that we have so root stack.
So this is a stack navigator, and
then it has two things inside.
So you have the bottom tabs,
which is most of your content, and
then you have a modal which
is like a blue screen modal.
So usually when I built apps,
this is the format that I go with, so
you have roof stack, you have a tab, and
then all of your full screen models
will be here so you might have like 20.
And then obviously for each of the models,
if the moodle itself has
a stack navigator, so
if you can navigate the screens
within the moodle, you can do that.
So you can have the component
be in itself a stack navigator.
Yeah, and this is a template, so
you can try it out if you just
entered a new app using this template.